README.md, before:

# Be

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.5.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).



# TODO

- In Vakvragen, replace &uml; with ï.
- Mollen woelratten zichtbaar maken, Thema 25, comp4,
  * "Titel": "Geïntegreerde mollen- en woelrattenbestrijding",
  * "Omschrijving": "Wat gebeurt er op het gebied van",

Commit message:

feat(app): add easy deployment via manual copy

README.md, after:

# Be

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.5.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

# Deployment to DNN

1. Run `npm run build:dnn`. The Angular files are built in the `./dist` directory and the VakkenBeheer.ascx is updated with the new files.
2. Clear the contents of the `AOCRaad.Erkenningen.VakkenBeheer` directory.
3. Copy the contents of the `./dist` folder in this directory.
